# Getting Started with Quick License Manager Express

Quick License Manager is the ideal tool for software vendors who need to quickly add secure license key support to their products.

Adding licensing support to your application is a 3 step process. Below is a brief drescription of each.

* Define your products
* Generate license keys
* Modify your application to validate a license key

To fully automate your license key management process, take a look at the features of [QLM Professional ](https://soraco.co/quick-license-manager).

For a quick overview of QLM take a look at our online [tutorials](https://soraco.co/quick-license-manager/qlm-screenshots/).

&#x20;

## Define products

The first step in creating license keys for your products is to define each product. Click on the **Define Products** tab and then click on **New.** Enter the Product Name, the Major and Minor version of the product. The Product ID and the GUID fields are automatically generated.You will need these values when you use the API to validate license keys. You can associate up to 32 features with each product.

Note: As of QLM version 5, the encryption key is no longer required and has been superseeded by the public/private key pair found on the Encryption Keys tab.

## Generate license keys

Once you have defined your products, you can generate license keys for each product. There are 2 types of license keys: permanent, and evaluation keys. Evaluation keys can specify the duration of the evaluation, an expiry date or both.

To generate license keys with QLM Express, click on the **Generate Keys** tab. Select a Product, the number of keys to generate, the type of keys to generate and then click on the **Generate** button.  QLM Express does not store generated keys. It is up to the user to track the generated keys if needed. To track all generated license keys and manage their lifecycle, use QLM Pro.

## Modify your application

To integrate QLM with your application, you need to do the following:

1\. Go to the **Protect your application** tab, and follow the instructions in the wizard. The wizard will generate the code that you need to add to your application.

2\. For .NET applications:

&#x20;     a) add to your application a reference to: QlmLicenseLib.dll

&#x20;     a) add to your application a reference to: QlmControls.dll or QlmControlLicenseWizard.dll

&#x20;     b) add to your application the following files (not as a reference, but as a file that will be copied to your bin folder): x86\IsLicense50.dll and x64\IsLicense50.dll

2\. For non .NET applications, you will need to register the QlmLicenseLib.dll using regasm. A batch file called register.bat is available in each sample folder to register the QlmLicenseLib.dll.

3\. In your application, as soon as your application is started, call the ValidateLicenseAtStartup function (found in the LicenseValidator class that is generated by the wizard).

4\. If the ValidateLicenseAtStartup function returns false, it means there is no valid license and you must prompt the user for a license.

5\. If you are using the QLM .NET Control, display a form containing the QLM .NET Control to allow the user to register his license.

6\. If you are not using the QLM .NET Control, launch the QLM License Wizard application (with the proper command line arguments).

7\. Upon successful activation of the license, close the license form and display your application.

For more details about specific APIs, refer to the API reference found in the online help.

Several sample applications are included in the Samples folder developed in VB6, VC6, VB.NET, C#, VC7, and Excel.

To view our online tutorial of QLM Express, [click here.](https://soraco.co/demos/qlmexpress5/qlmexpress5.html) &#x20;

## Samples

All QLM Express samples are located in the folder:

&#x20;   C:\Users\Public\Documents\Quick License Manager\Samples\qlmexpress

Samples are grouped in programming languages.

.NET Samples:

* DotNet\C#\QlmExpressControlSample - This sample shows how to add license key validation to your C# application using the QLM Express .NET Control.
* DotNet\C#\QLMExpressSample - This sample shows how to add license key validation to your C# application using your own custom registration form.
* DotNet\C#\QlmExpressApiSample - This sample shows how to create license keys from within your C# application.
* DotNet\VB.NET\QlmExpressSample - This sample shows how to add license key validation to your VB.NET application using your own custom registration form.
* DotNet\VB.NET\QlmExpressApiSample - This sample shows how to create license key from within your VB.NET application.

C++ Samples

* C++\VC6 Samples: Visual Studio 6 sample shows how to add license key validation to your C++ application.
* C++\VC7 Samples: Visual Studio 2003 sample shows how to add license key validation to your C++ application.
* C++\VC8 Samples: Visual Studio 2005 sample shows how to add license key validation to your C++ application.

Excel Sample

* Excel\ExcelQlmSample.xls: Excel sample shows how to add license key validation to your Excel application.

MS Access Sample

* MSAccess2003\qlmsample.mdb: MS Access sample shows how to add license key validation to your MS Access application.

VB6 Sample

* VB6\license.vbp: VB6 sample shows how to add license key validation to your VB6 application.
