# Re-signing the xml settings file after modification

If you modify the content of a QLM settings file (generated by the Protect Your Application wizard), the digital signature of the file becomes invalid.

You must therefore re-digitally sign the file after any modification.

To sign the file, use the QlmSignFile.exe tool located in the QLM installation folder.

Usage: QlmSignFile.exe /productsFile \<full path to the products file> /pid \<product id> /major \<major version> /minor \<minor version> /file \<full path to the xml file to sign>

* /productsFile: Path to the xml file that contains the definition of your products. You can find the location of this file from: Manage Keys / Sites /  Files and Folders / Products File
* /pid: ID of your product. You can find the ID of your product in the Define Products tab.
* /major: Major Version of your product. You can find the major version of your product in the Define Products tab.
* /minor: Minor Version of your product. You can find the minorversion of your product in the Define Products tab.
* /file: Path to the xml settings file generated by the Protect Your Application wizard.

Example:

QlmSignFile.exe /productsFile "C:\Users\tom\AppData\Roaming\Soraco\Quick License Manager\demo.products.xml" /pid 1 /major 1 /minor 1 /file "C:\Users\tom\Desktop\Qlm\Demo 1.0.lw.xml"

Running the command generates a new file called "Demo 1.0.lw.signed.xml" in the same folder as the original Demo 1.0.lw.xml. You must therefore ensure that the folder where "Demo 1.0.lw.xml" is located is a writable folder.
