# Behavior Properties

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="447">Name</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>QlmAllowedActivationMethods</td><td>Defines the activation methods that the wizard should allow.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmAllowOfflineActivationOfTrialLicense</td><td>Allow offline activation of a trial license. This is only available as of QLM Engine Version 6.0.00.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmCaptureComputerName</td><td>Capture the computer name and send it to the License Server when activating a license.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmCloseFormOnFinish</td><td>Automatically close the form when the user clicks the Finish or Cancel button.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmCloudFloatingLicenseFeature</td><td>Cloud Floating License Feature ID. Specify which QLM feature identifies a license as a cloud based floating license. The syntax is: Feature Set:Feature ID. Example: 3:1</td></tr><tr><td>QlmDelayInitialization</td><td>Delays the intialization of the QLM Wizard control. You must explicitly call LoadSettings and PostInitialize after the wizard control is created.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmDeleteActivationKeyWhenDeactivating</td><td>When deactivating a license, determine whether the wizard should delete the activation key from the local system.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmEnableActivationByAuthorizationCode</td><td>Enables online activation with an authorization code. To receive an authorization code, the user must enter his email address instead of the activation key. An email will then be sent to the email address with an authorization code.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmExitProcessAfterInstall</td><td>During a check for updates, exit the process after the user clicks the Install button.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmIncrementActivationCount</td><td>Determines whether the wizard increments the activation count when a user activates a license.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmOnPremiseFloatingLicenseFeature</td><td>On Premise Floating License Feature ID. Specify which QLM feature identifies a license as an on premise floating license. The syntax is: Feature Set:Feature ID. Example: 3:1</td></tr><tr><td>QlmShowCustomerEmailInsteadOfActivationKey</td><td>If the license was activated by email, display the email address instead of the Activation Key on the Activation Page.</td></tr></tbody></table>
