# License Properties

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="376">Name</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>QlmAllowGenericKeys</td><td>Allows validation of generic license keys.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmApplicationVersion</td><td>version of your application. Example: 2.1.3. This property should typically be set at runtime. When using the QLMLicenseWizard.exe, specify the /appversion command line argument. When using the QLM License Wizard .NET control, set the QlmApplicationVersion property at runtime and then call PostInitialize().</td></tr><tr><td>QlmCommunicationEncryptionKey</td><td>Set the communicationEncryptionKey to use when connecting to the QLM web service. The communicationEncryptionKey must match the one defined in the web.config file on the web server.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmCommunicationProtocolType</td><td>Defines the communication protocol type to use when communicating with the License Server. The available options are: SSL3 | TLS | TLS1 | TLS12</td></tr><tr><td>QlmCustomerSiteUrl</td><td>URL to the QLM Customer Site. Do not include the index.html suffix. Example: <br><a href="https://qlm3.net/qlmdemo/QlmCustomerSite">https://qlm3.net/qlmdemo/QlmCustomerSite</a></td></tr><tr><td>QlmDownloadLicenseFile</td><td>When true, the license file is downloaded during the activation process. If QlmLicenseFilePath is not set, the license file is stored in a QLM cookie on the system. You can retrieve it by calling ReadCookie("LicenseFile", 0, out string lf); If QlmLicenseFilePath is set, the license file is stored in the specified path.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmDownloadProductProperties</td><td>When true, the product properties are downloaded during the activation process. If QlmProductPropertiesPath is not set, the product properties are stored in a QLM cookie on the system. You can retrieve them by calling ReadCookie("ProductProperties", 0, out string pps); If QlmProductPropertiesPath is set, the product properties file is stored in the specified path.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmEnableAnalytics</td><td>Enables publishing Analytics Data to the License Server. Requires QLM Enterprise.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmEnableClientLanguageDetection</td><td>Enable the detection of the client locale to send it to the server. This will enable the server to respond in the client language.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmEnableMultiByte</td><td>Enable multibyte to support systems with a ComputerID that contains multibyte characters.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmEnableSoapExtension</td><td>By default, QLM sends custom headers with every SOAP request and sends information to the server related to the customer's locale. If this interferes with your own SOAP extension, you can turn off QLM's extension.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmEncryptLicenseKeysInStore</td><td>Store the license keys encrypted on the system,</td></tr><tr><td>QlmEvaluationLicenseKey</td><td>Set the evaluation key to use when the user selects to evaluate the software and does not have a license key.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmEvaluationPerUser</td><td>Sets whether the evaluation information is stored per user or per machine.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmExpiryDateRoundHoursUp</td><td>When evaluating the number of days left for a license, any time that is less than a day can either be rounded up to a day or ignored. The default is to round up to a day.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmFavorMachineLevelLicenseKey</td><td>If a license key is stored both at the user level and the machine level, set this property to true to favor the key stored at the machine level.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmGUID</td><td>Set the GUID associated to your product. The GUID can be found on the Define Product page in the QLM Console.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmLicenseBinding</td><td>Defines the unique identifier a license is bound to. The possible values are:<br><br>ComputerName: binds the license to the name of the computer<br><br>UserDefined: binds the license to a user-defined identifier<br><br>MacAddress: binds the license to the first MAC address discovered.<br><br>VolumeSerialNumber: binds the license to the serial number of the first volume.<br><br>MotherBoardSerialNumber: binds the license to the motherboard serial number.<br><br>ActiveDirectoryComputerDomain: binds the license to the AD domain.<br><br>ActiveDirectoryAppDomain: binds the license to the AD domain associated to the account running the application.<br><br>SystemManagementBiosUuid: binds the license to the System Management BIOS UUID.<br><br>QlmUniqueSystemIdentifier1: binds the license to a unique identifier as shown below:<br><br>For Virtual machines, tries to get System Management BIOS UUID.<br><br>For physical machines, tries to get Motherboard Serial Number.<br><br>If the above fails, tries to get the first Volume Serial Number.<br>If the above fails, tries to get first MAC Address.<br>If the above fails, tries to get the Computer Name.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmLicenseBindingPerFeature</td><td><a href="../../fundamental-concepts/variablelicensebinding.md">License Bindind per feature</a></td></tr><tr><td>QlmLicenseFilePath</td><td>If downloadLicenseFile is true, specify the path of the license file. If this field is empty, the license file is stored based on the StoreKeysLocation property. The path can include Windows Environment Variables. Example: %localappdata%\yourapp\license.xml</td></tr><tr><td>QlmLicenseServerUrl</td><td>Set the URL to the QLM License Server. The value of this URL is typically: <a href="http://yourdomain.com/qlmlicenseserver/qlmservice.asmx">http://yourdomain.com/qlmlicenseserver/qlmservice.asmx</a></td></tr><tr><td>QlmLimitTerminalServerInstances</td><td>Limits the number of instances of your app running on a Terminal Server to the number of floating seats defined in the license key.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmMajorVersion</td><td>Set the Major Version associated to your product. The Major Version can be found on the Define Products page in the QLM Console.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmMaxDaysOffline</td><td>The maximum number of days a user can go without contacting the License Server.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmMaxDaysOfflineDuringTrial</td><td>The maximum number of days a user with a trial license can go without contacting the License Server.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmMaxServerSideValidationFrequency</td><td>Limit the number of server-side validation requests to once every maxServerSideValidationFrequency minutes. This property is enforced when calling any of the ValidateLicenseOnServer method variations.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmMinorVersion</td><td>Set the Minor Version associated with your product. The Minor Version can be found on the Define Products page in the QLM Console.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmOfflinePeriodExceededAction</td><td>Enable a timer that runs once per day and checks the maxDaysOffline property. If the timer detects that the maxDaysOffline was exceeded, it will trigger the selected action. You should enable the ThrowException option only if your code can handle exceptions. If you do not handle the exception, the application will crash.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmOverrideKeyStoreRegistry</td><td>Change the default registry key where QLM stores license key information. This is strictly for permanent licenses.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmPreviousPublicKeys</td><td><a href="../../how-to/how-to-release-a-new-version-of-your-product-with-new-encryption-keys.md">Previous Public Keys.</a></td></tr><tr><td>QlmPreviousRSAPublicKeys</td><td><a href="../../how-to/how-to-release-a-new-version-of-your-product-with-new-encryption-keys.md">Previous RSA Public Keys.</a></td></tr><tr><td>QlmProductID</td><td>Set the Product ID Version associated with your product. The Product ID can be found on the Define Products page in the QLM Console.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmProductName</td><td>Set the Product Name associated with your product.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmProductPropertiesPath</td><td>If downloadProductProperties is true, specify the path of the product properties file. If this field is empty, the product properties will be stored based on the StoreKeysLocation property.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmPublicKey</td><td>Set the Public Key associated with your product. The Public Key Version can be found on the Define Products page (Keys tab) in the QLM Console.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmRedirectorUrl</td><td>URL to the redirector xml file for Disaster Recovery.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmRSAPublicKey</td><td>The RSA public key can be found in the Keys tab on the Define Products page in the QLM Console. The RSA key pair is used to digitally sign XML documents returned by the server. This includes the license file for cross-platform license protection, the Product Properties XML file, and the QLM License Wizard settings file.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmStoreKeysCommonDataFilename</td><td>Name of the file in the CommonData folder where license keys will be stored.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmStoreKeysCommonDataFolder</td><td>Name of the folder in the CommonData folder where license keys will be stored.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmStoreKeysLocation</td><td>Location where to store license keys. Keys can be stored in a file or in the Windows Registry.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmStoreKeysOptions</td><td>Set whether to store license keys per user, per machine, or both.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmTimeout</td><td>The period to wait before timing out a call to the License Server (in milliseconds).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmUniqueSystemIdentifierExceptions</td><td>Comma separated list of exceptions to exclude when extracting a unique system identifier. The exception must use regular expressions syntax.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmValidateCertificate</td><td>The QLM DLLs are digitally signed by a trusted certificate authority. In order to ensure that hackers do not replace the QLM DLLs with dummy ones, QLM can validate that the DLLs are properly signed.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmValidateLicenseOnServer</td><td>Validate the license on the server to check if it was revoked or if it's an illegal license. This property works in tandem with the MaxDaysOffline property.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmVersion</td><td>Version of the QLM License Engine to use. The recommended value is 5.0.00.</td></tr></tbody></table>
