# Image Properties

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>QlmActivateOfflinePageTitleImage</td><td>Image displayed next to the title of the Offline Activation page (32x32).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmActivateOnlinePageTitleImage</td><td>Image displayed next to the title of the Online Activation page (32x32).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmActivationMethodActivateOfflineTitleImage</td><td>Image displayed in the Activate Offline button of the Activation Method page (48x48).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmActivationMethodActivateOnlineTitleImage</td><td>Image displayed in the Activate Online button of the Activation Method page (48x48).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmActivationMethodTitleImage</td><td>Image displayed to the left of the title of the Activation Method page (32x32).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmDeactivatePageTitleImage</td><td>Image displayed next to the title of the Deactivation page (32x32).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmEULAPageTitleImage</td><td>Image displayed next to the title of the EULA page (32x32).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmFloatingLicensePageTitleImage</td><td>Image displayed next to the title of the Floating License page (32x32).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmPrivacyPolicyPageTitleImage</td><td>Image displayed next to the title of the Privacy Policy page (32x32).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmResultErrorImage24</td><td>Image to display when an operation results in an error (48x48).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmResultErrorImage48</td><td>Image to display when an operation results in an error (24x24).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmResultSuccessImage24</td><td>Image to display when an operation results in success (24x24).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmResultSuccessImage48</td><td>Image to display when an operation results in success (48x48).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmResultWarningImage24</td><td>Image to display when an operation results in a warning (24x24).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmResultWarningImage48</td><td>Image to display when an operation results in a warning (48x48).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmUserRegistrationPageTitleImage</td><td>Image displayed next to the title of the User Registration page (32x32).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmWelcomePageActivateImage</td><td>Image displayed next in the Activate button on the Welcome page (24x24).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmWelcomePageDeactivateImage</td><td>Image displayed next in the Deactivate button on the Welcome page (24x24).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmWelcomePageTitleImage</td><td>Image displayed next to the title of the Welcome page (32x32).</td></tr><tr><td>QlmWizardLogo</td><td>Logo displayed in the bottom left-hand corner. The expected size is 90x60 pixels.</td></tr></tbody></table>
