# UI Properties

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>QlmActivationMethodCaption</td><td>Caption of the Activation Method page.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmActivationMethodTitle</td><td>Title of the Activation Method page.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmBackColorButtons</td><td>Background color of all buttons and the progress bar.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmBorderColorButton</td><td>Boder color of all buttons and progress bar</td></tr><tr><td>QlmBorderColorText</td><td>Border color of all text fields.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmBuyNowButtonVisibility</td><td>Controls the visibility of the Buy Now button. Set the value to Never to never show the button. Set the value to Always to always show the button. Set the value to Trial to show the button when a trial license has been activated.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmBuyNowCaption</td><td>Caption of the Buy Now button.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmBuyNowInApp</td><td>When true, the Buy Now URL is loaded in an embedded browser instead of the customer's default browser.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmBuyNowInAppCloseCaption</td><td>Caption of the button in the browser when using Buy Now InApp feature.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmBuyNowInAppRetrieveActivationKey</td><td>When using the InApp browser, attempt to retrieve the Activation Key created after purchase by appending a unique identifier to  the purchase URL.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmBuyNowInAppWindowSize</td><td>Specify the initial size of the InApp browser window.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmBuyNowUrl</td><td>URL associated to the Buy Now button.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmDeactivateCaption</td><td>Caption of the Deactivate radio button on the Activation Method page.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmDeactivatePageCaption</td><td>Caption of the Deactivation page.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmDeactivateVerficationCaption</td><td>Caption of the Deactivation Verification dialog.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmEnableActivationKeyValidation</td><td>When true, the Activation Key field is validated as the user types the Activation Key. To support Legacy Key activation, you should turn off this setting.</td></tr><tr><td>QLMEULA</td><td>End User License Agreement content.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmEULACaption</td><td>End User License Agreement Caption.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmEULAUrl</td><td>End User License Agreement URL.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmFontButtons</td><td>Font to use on all buttons.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmFontLabels</td><td>Font to use on all labels.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmFontResult</td><td>Font to use in the result panel.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmFontText</td><td>Font to use on all text fields.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmForeColorButtons</td><td>Foreground color of all buttons and the progress bar.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmForeColorControls</td><td>Foreground colors of all controls such as labels and buttons.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmForeColorResult</td><td>Foreground colors of the result panel that displays the result of the license validation.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmForeColorText</td><td>Foreground colors of all text fields.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmFormatLicenseKey</td><td>Formats the license key by adding dash separators.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmFormatLicenseKeyGroupSize</td><td>Size of the group of characters in a formatted license. The QlmFormatLicenseKey property must be true for this to take effect.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmFormatLicenseKeyMaxGroupSize</td><td>Maximum size of the group of characters in a formatted license. The QlmFormatLicenseKey property must be true for this setting to have an effect.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmFormBackColor</td><td>Sets the background color of the wizard.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmFormCurvature</td><td>Curvature of the corners of the wizard.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmFormFooterColor</td><td>Background color to display in the footer panel of the wizard.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmFormHeaderBackColor</td><td>Background color to display in the header of the wizard.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmFormHeaderForeColor</td><td>Foreground color to display in the header of the wizard.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmFormLeftPanelColor</td><td>Background color to display in the lef thand panel of the wizard.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmHoverColor</td><td>Hover color of all controls</td></tr><tr><td>QlmHoverForeColor</td><td>Hover foreground color of all controls.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmHowToGetComputerKeyCaption</td><td>How to get the Computer key caption</td></tr><tr><td>QlmHowToGetComputerKeyUrl</td><td>How to get the Computer key URL</td></tr><tr><td>QlmLanguageCode</td><td>Set the value to one of the following language codes then translate the messages as needed: en, de, es, fr, it, ja, pt, sv.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmMessageExpired</td><td>Sets the text to display if the license key expired.<br>QlmMessageRemainingDays Sets the text to display when a trial license is still valid. The message should include a {0} argument to display the remaining days.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmMessageRemainingDays</td><td>Message displaying the number of remaining days.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmMessageTrialOrSubscription</td><td>Message displayed when the license is a trial or a subscription.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmOfflineActivationCaption</td><td>Caption of the Offline Activation button.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmOfflineActivationPageCaption</td><td>Caption of the Offline Activation page.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmOnlineActivationCaption</td><td>Caption of the Online Activation button.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmOnlineActivationPageCaption</td><td>Caption of the Online Activation page.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmOnlineActivationTextFieldCaption</td><td>Caption of the Online Activation text field.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmPrivacyPolicy</td><td>Content of the privacy policy page.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmPrivacyPolicyCaption</td><td>Caption of the privacy policy page.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmProductTitle</td><td>Sets the title of the product.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmRegisterUserPageCaption</td><td>Caption of the User Registration page.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmScanQRCodeCaption</td><td>Scan QR Code caption.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmShowActivationMethodPage</td><td>Show or hide the Activation Method page.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmShowBuyNowButton</td><td>Show or hide the Buy Now button.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmShowCheckForUpdates</td><td>Show or hide the Check for updates feature.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmShowDeactivationPage</td><td>Show or hide the Deactivation feature.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmShowEULALink</td><td>Show or hide the EULA link.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmShowEULAPage</td><td>Show or hide the EULA page.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmShowMinimizeButton</td><td>Show or hide the Minimize button.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmShowOfflineActivationKey</td><td>Show or hide the Activation Key field on the Offline Activation page. This property should always be set to true except for QLM Express.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmShowOfflineActivationPage</td><td>Show or hide the Offline Activation page.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmShowOnlineActivationPage</td><td>Show or hide the Online Activation page.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmShowPrivacyPolicyPage</td><td>Show or hide the Privacy policy page.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmShowProxyButton</td><td>Show or hide the Proxy Settings button.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmShowWelcomePage</td><td>Show or hide the Welcome page.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmShowWizardVersion</td><td>Show or hide the QLM License Wizard. This is useful for troubleshooting purposes.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmTitlesFont</td><td>Font of all titles.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmTitlesForeColor</td><td>Foreground color of all titles.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmTryButtonCaption</td><td>Caption of the Try button.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmTryButtonVisibility</td><td>Control the visibility of the Try button. Set the value to Never to never show the button. Set the value to Always to always show the button. Set the value to Trial to show the button when a trial license has been activated.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmUserRegistrationPageVisibility</td><td>Control the visibility of the User Registration page. Set the value to Never to never show the page. Set the value to Always to always show the page. Set the value to Trial to show the page for trials only. Set the value to TryButton  to show the page when the user clicks the Try button.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmWelcomePageCaption</td><td>Caption of the welcome page.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmWizardTitle</td><td>Title of the wizard.</td></tr></tbody></table>
