# User Registration Properties

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="423">Name</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>QlmAllowMultipleTrialKeyRequests</td><td>Allow the user to request another trial key even if he/she has already requested and activated a trial key once.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmEmailTrialKeyAfterUserRegistration</td><td>When the user registration page is enabled, the wizard can automatically send a request to the server to email a trial key after the user is successfully registered on the server.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmGenerateTrialKeyAfterUserRegistration</td><td>When the user registration page is enabled, the wizard can automatically generate a trial key after the user is successfully registered on the server.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmRegisterUserCaption</td><td>Caption of the Register button.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmTrialKeyArgs</td><td>Specify additional custom arguments to send to the server when generating a key on the server. Example: &#x26;is_maintplan=true</td></tr><tr><td>QlmTrialKeyDuration</td><td>Set the duration of the trial in days</td></tr><tr><td>QlmTrialKeyEmailTemplate</td><td>Set the email template to use when emailing the trial key to the user.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmTrialKeyFeatures</td><td>Select which features are enabled for the automatically generated trial key.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmTrialKeyUserData</td><td>Specify the User Data to set when generating a trial license key.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmTrialKeyUserGroup</td><td>Specify the User Group to set when generating a trial license key.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmUserRegistrationCaption</td><td>Caption of the User Registration page.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmUserRegistrationCompanyRequired</td><td>Specify whether the Company is required when registering a user.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmUserRegistrationCountryRequired</td><td>Specify whether the Country is required when registering a user.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmUserRegistrationEmailRequired</td><td>Specify whether the Email is required when registering a user.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmUserRegistrationFullNameRequired</td><td>Specify whether the Full name is required when registering a user.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmUserRegistrationPhoneRequired</td><td>Specify whether the Phone is required when registering a user.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmUserRegistrationTitle</td><td>Title of the User Registration page.</td></tr><tr><td>QlmUseTryButtonToCreateTrialKey</td><td>When the user clicks the Try button, if either QlmGenerateTrialKeyAfterUserRegistration or QlmEmailTrialKeyAfterUserRegistration is true, the wizard will generate a trial key after the user enters his contact information.</td></tr></tbody></table>
