# What's new in QLM v12 and Upgrade Procedure

## **What's new in QLM v12**

### QLM License Wizard

* [The QLM License Wizard can be localized into multiple languages.](https://support.soraco.co/hc/en-us/articles/360024474812-QLM-License-Wizard-localization)
* Improved workflow when registering a floating license database
* The Protect Your Application wizard now automatically picks up customizations made to previous versions of a product and applies them to newer versions.
* The Try button can now be configured to trigger the generation of a trial key as specified by the QlmEmailTrialKeyAfterUserRegistration or QlmGenerateKeyAfterUserRegistration. To enable this feature, set the QlmUseTryButtonToCreateTrialKey to True.

### QLM Portal Organizations

* You can now manage organizations (create/edit/delete) from within the QLM Portal.
* You can now save default values when creating activation keys in the Portal.
* An Add customer button was added to the Create dialog in the Portal to allow creating a customer without having to switch to the Customers tab.

### [Salesforce integration](https://support.soraco.co/hc/en-us/articles/360022004691)

You can now configure Salesforce to automatically create license keys when a Salesforce order is activated.

### Paymotion integration

QLM is now integrated with ecommerce provider Paymotion.

### Shareit integration

Added support for subscription products.

### [Azure AppService intergration](https://support.soraco.co/hc/en-us/articles/360024356392)

QLM v12 can now be configured as an Azure App Service instead of a Classic Cloud Service. The integration process has been simplified and no longer requires the use of Visual Studio to build the Azure packages. &#x20;

**Miscellaneous updates**

* You can now set the logo of the QLM Portal and the QLM Customer site from server properties.&#x20;
* The LicenseValidator class automatically detecs server side changes (new features, new expiry date, new floatin seats) and reactivates the license to apply the changes to the client.
* To secure offline deactivations, the customer is now required to produce a deactivation verification code in order to deactivate a license offline. The Deactivation Verification code is generated by the QLM License Wizard. The QLM Self Help page can be configured to require the user to enter the deactivation code. Similary, the QLM Management Console and the QLM Portal now allow you to validate a deactivation code.

**Upgrade Procedure**

To uprade to QLM v12, you must first install the QLM Management Console on your client system by running the qlmsetup12.exe. To determine if you are eligible to a v12 upgrade, you may contact us or click the About tab. You can download QLM v12 from our [web site](https://soraco.co/quick-license-manager/qlm-downloads/).

**QLM License Server Upgrade**

If we are hosting your QLM License Server, contact us to upgrade the License Server. If you are hosting your own License server, there are 2 ways to upgrade: in-place or in parallel. In-place upgrade will replace your existing server with the new one while the parallel upgrade allows you to run both servers in parallel until you are ready to switch. If you are upgrading from QLM v7+, the in-place upgrade is safe. If you are upgrading from earlier versions, we recommend the parallel upgrade.

**In-Place Upgrade**

1. Update the DLLs on your web server with the DLLs located in %Public%\Documents\Quick License Manager\DeployToServer\QlmLicenseServer\bin
2. If you have not executed the sql2005.aspnet.sql script when you created your QLM 5.x DB, this script is now required. The script is located in%Public%\Documents\Quick License Manager\DeployToServer\QlmLicenseServer\Db\sql2005.aspnet.sql. This step is not required if you were running QLM v7+.
3. Ensure the Application Pool associated to the QLM License Server is set to use .NET 4.0.
4. Once the License Server is updated, start the QLM Management Console, go to Sites and click on Upgrade Database Schema.
5. If you are using our eCommerce integration, do the following:

* Go to the Manage Keys tab
* Click on the Commerce Providers item in the toolbar
* Select the eCommerce provider you are using
* Modify the Dll field and replace the existing value with: QlmWebService.dll&#x20;
* Ensure that the eCommerce Provider that you are using is enabled.

**Parallel Upgrade**

To upgrade the QLM License Server, we recommend that you create a new virtual directory and install a QLM License Server in parallel to your existing QLM 5.x or QLM 6.x, QLM 7.x, QLM 8.x, QLM 9.x, QLM 10.x or QLM 11.x License Server. Both License Servers can be configured to point to the same database. Once the QLM v12 License Server is configured and properly running, you can remove the QLM 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 or 11 License Servers.&#x20;

1. Create a new folder called qlm12 on your web server in the same parent folder as your existing QLM License Server.
2. Copy the files located in %Public%\Documents\Quick License Manager\DeployToServer\QlmLicenseServer to qlm12
3. If you have not executed the sql2005.aspnet.sql script when you created your QLM 5.x DB, this script is now required. The script is located in%Public%\Documents\Quick License Manager\DeployToServer\QlmLicenseServer\Db\sql2005.aspnet.sql. This step is not required if you were running QLM v7+.
4. Copy the following web.config settings from your exising QLM License Server web.config file to the new one:
   1. connectionStrings&#x20;
   2. communicationEncryptionKey
   3. adminEncryptionKey
   4. sqlSyntax
5. In IIS, create a new application and associate it to the same Application Pool as your existing QLM License Server.
6. Start the QLM application, go to Sites
7. Select your existing License Server
8. Click Copy and enter a new name of the copy
9. Update the URL to point to the new license server
10. Click on Upgrade Database Schema.
11. If you are using our eCommerce integration, do the following:

* Go to the Manage Keys tab
* Click on the Commerce Providers item in the toolbar
* Select the eCommerce provider you are using
* Modify the Dll field and replace the existing value with: QlmWebService.dll&#x20;
* Ensure that the eCommerce Provider that you are using is enabled.

**QLM Portal Upgrade**

* On your web server, rename the QlmPortal folder to QlmPortal\_old
* Copy %Public%\Documents\Quick License Manager\DeployToServer\QlmPortal to your web server in the same location as the previous QlmPortal folder
* Edit the web.config file in the new QlmPortal and update the following settings to match the values in the previous web.config file:
  * connectionStrings
  * communicationEncryptionKey
  * adminEncryptionKey
  * webServiceUrl
  * sqlSyntax

**QlmCustomerSite Upgrade**

* Note that QlmAspLicenseSite has been renamed to QlmCustomerSite
* On your web server, rename the QlmCustomerSite folder to QlmCustomerSite\_old
* Copy %Public%\Documents\Quick License Manager\DeployToServer\QlmCustomerSite to your web server in the same location as the previous QlmCustomerSite folder
* Edit the web.config file in the new QlmCustomerSite and update the following settings to match the values in the previous web.config file:
  * connectionStrings
  * communicationEncryptionKey
  * adminEncryptionKey
  * webServiceUrl
  * sqlSyntax
* Update the IIS Application to point to the QlmCustomerSite folder instead of the QlmAspLicenseSite folder.

To upgrade your source code to QLM v12:

* If you are upgrading from QLMv9 or earlier and if you are using the QLM License Wizard, be it the .NET Control or the standalone executable, you will need to customize the look & feel of the control and regenerate the settings xml file. Note that as of QLM v9, only one settings file is required. The UI Settings xml file is no longer required since all settings are stored in a single file.
* You may want to upgrade your LicenseValidator class to the new version. The new version contains additional code to optionally perform server side validation. It also supports a seamless reactivation process for subscriptions.&#x20;
* If you have implemented floating licences, it is recommended that you review the new QLM Enterprise sample and follow the same approach as the new sample.&#x20;

**IMPORTANT -** QLM Engine Version

If you are upgrading from QLM v4 or earlier and you have issued license keys with QLM Engine version 4.0.00, 3.0.00, 2.4.11 or 2.4.07, we highly recommend that you upgrade your customers license keys to use QLM Engine version 5.0.00.
