# Diagnosing network connectivity issues with the QLM License Server

I**mportant Note:** _Diagnosing network connectivity issues between a client's computer and the QLM License Server is beyond the scope of the technical support provided by Soraco._

The QLM API used by your application communicates with the License Server over http (port 80) or https (port 443). On most systems, these ports are open for outbound communication.

Connectivity issues between a client and the QLM License Server can be due to several reasons. Here are some reasons why communication may fail:

* A firewall is blocking outbound connections to the QLM License Server.
* The client uses a proxy server that requires authentication in order to connect to the internet.
* The URL to the License Server is incorrect or the DNS name used in the URL does not resolve.
* The URL to the License Server uses https and the server certificate is invalid or expired.
* The QLM License Server is blocking the IP address of the client

Troubleshooting steps:

* Open any browser on the end user system and paste the URL to the QLM License Server.
  * If the URL does not return any result, you should ask the customer's IT team to diagnose the issue.
  * If the URL resolves properly, the issue could be a firewall rule that blocks applications (except the browser) from connecting to the internet. The issue could also be that the browser is configured to use a proxy server. If this is the case, you need to configure QLM to use a proxy server as well. If you are using any of the QLM .NET controls or the QLM License Wizard, all that is required is to set the Proxy Server properties to the correct values. If you are using your own activation form, you can use the QLM API to set the proxy server settings.

The QlmNetworkTester tool can be used to test network connectivity to the QLM License Server.&#x20;

QlmNetworkTester requires as input the settings xml file generated by the "Protect your application" wizard. This xml file is typically used as an argument to the QLM License Wizard. If you do not have this xml file, you can generate it as follows:

* Launch the QLM Management Console
* Go to the Protect your application tab
* On page 2, select your product, your license server and your programming language
* On page 3, click Next (no changes required)
* On page 4, set QlmStoreKeysLocation to Registry or File depending on which option you selected for your application then click Next&#x20;
* On page 5, select a temporary location to save your customizations and click Save
* Several files will be created. The file with an extension lw.xml is required as input for the QlmDeleteKeys application.

&#x20;

To run QlmNetworkTester:

* Copy QlmNetworkTester.exe and QlmLicenseLib.dll from the QLM installation folder to a new folder on the customer's system that's experiencing network connectivity issues.
* Execute QlmNetworkTester.exe
* Click the ... button and select the location of the settings xml file.
* Click Test Connection
* Click Finish when done
