# How to revoke a license ?

You can revoke a license from the QLM Console, from a QLM API, or via an HTTP request.

* From the QLM Management Console, click on the Manage Keys tab, locate the license, and click on the Edit button. Click the "Revoke license" checkbox to revoke the license.
* From the QLM Portal, locate the license and click on the Edit button. Click the "Revoke license" checkbox to revoke the license.
* From the QLM API, use the [UpdateLicenseInfo ](../api-reference/qlmlicense/management-methods/updatelicenseinfo.md)method.
* To revoke a license from a 3rd party such as an ecommerce provider, use the HTTP method [RevokeLicenseHttp](../api-reference/http-methods/revokelicensehttp.md).

Revoking a license simply sets the license to "Disabled" in the QLM License Server database.

As of QLM v10, the LicenseValidator class generated by the Protect Your Application wizard (3rd tab in QLM) already includes all the code required to verify if a license was revoked and will delete the keys on the local system if it was. To enable this code, simply set the QlmLicense.ValidateOnServer property to true or set the ValidateOnServer property to true in the QLM Management Console / Protect Your Application wizard.

If you are not using the LicenseValidator class (you should!), you can call the QlmLicense.[IsLicenseKeyRevoked](../api-reference/qlmlicense/application-methods/islicensekeyrevoked.md) API method to verify if the license was revoked. You can call this method every time your application is launched.

If the license was revoked, you can call the DeleteKeys API to delete the license keys from the end user system (assuming you use StoreKeys to store the keys). If you did not use StoreKeys to store the license keys on the end user system, simply delete the license keys wherever you stored them.

If the user attempts to activate again, activation will fail if the license is disabled.

To un-revoke the license, simply uncheck the "Revoke license" checkbox.
