# License Key Fields Definitions

The table below lists some of the common fields in QLM's License Keys table.

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="239"></th><th width="132.33333333333331"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Field Name</strong></td><td><strong>Data Type</strong></td><td><strong>Description</strong></td></tr><tr><td>ActivationCount</td><td>int</td><td><p>The Activation Count is a counter that is incremented every time a user activates a license, be it on the same computer or on a different computer.</p><p>An Activation Count greater than 1 does not necessarily indicate that the user has activated the license on more than one system. It typically means that the user clicked the Activate button multiple times from the same system.</p><p>The Activation Count is used when enforcing the maxActivationsPerSystem and maxActivationsEnforcedOnVMsOnly properties in order to prevent a user from circumventing the license enforcement by cloning virtual machines.</p></td></tr><tr><td>ActivationDate</td><td>Date</td><td>The date the license was last activated.</td></tr><tr><td>ClientVersion</td><td>string</td><td>The version of your application that the end user is running.</td></tr><tr><td>LastAccessedDate</td><td>Date</td><td>The date the license record was last modified. This field should really be called LastModifiedDate. For more details, <a href="when-is-the-lastaccesseddate-field-updated.md">click here</a>.</td></tr><tr><td>LicenseModel</td><td>string</td><td>The license model associated with the license. The possible values are: trial | subscription | permanent | none. For more details, <a href="../how-to/qlm-license-models.md">click here</a>.</td></tr><tr><td>MaintenanceRenewalDate</td><td>Date</td><td>The expiry date of the maintenance plan. For more details about the Maintenance Plan, <a href="qlm-maintenance-plan.md">click here</a>.</td></tr><tr><td>MaxReleaseCount</td><td>int</td><td><p>The maximum number of times an end-user can release a license.</p><p>A value of -1 means there is no limit.</p><p>A value of -2 means that the value of the Server Property MaxReleasePeriodInDays is used.</p></td></tr><tr><td>MaxReleasePeriodInDays</td><td>int</td><td><p>When counting the number of released licenses, only count the ones that have been released in the past "MaxReleasePeriodInDays" days.</p><p>For example, if you want to allow a user to release a license twice per month, set MaxReleasePeriodInDays to 30 and MaxReleaseCount to 2.</p><p>A value of -1 means there is no limit.</p><p>A value of -2 means that the value of the Server Property MaxReleasePeriodInDays is used.</p></td></tr><tr><td>ReleaseDate</td><td>Date</td><td>The date the license was last deactivated.</td></tr><tr><td>SubscriptionExpiryDate</td><td>Date</td><td>The expiry date of the license.</td></tr><tr><td>SubscriptionDuration</td><td>int</td><td>The duration of the license.</td></tr><tr><td>SubscriptionID</td><td>string</td><td>A unique identifier associated with the subscription. This value is typically assigned by an ecommerce provider.</td></tr></tbody></table>
